my name's wreckit-ralph I'm gonna record
30 years have been doing this it's hard
to love your job but no one else seems
to like you for doing it
you're just the bad guy who rests the
building okay I'm okay if I'm really
honest with myself sure must be nice
being the good guy
well you are bad guy but this does not
mean your bed guy I don't want to be the
bad guy anymore
from abandon his game welcome to gay
Central Station becoming everything
changes now where's Val sorry Bert we're
out here and yelling
Ralph's gone to hero's duty fear is a
four-letter word ladies you want to go
peepee and your big boy slacks keep it
to yourself from here are you
sugar rush your game jumping Hey ha ha
you wouldn't hit a guy with glasses
would you
aah you hit a guy with glasses that's
well played
we got rough weirdo they're gonna pull
our plug what's that a metal earned it
in hero's duty
not that kind of duty okay you really
gotta watch me step in a game called
hero's duty Cassidy my bad we can't
change who we are you can't mess with
the program Ralph everyone here says I'm
just a mistake ready for this not
leaving you here alone
let's close out with the bad guy
affirmation I am bad and that's it I
will never be good Road and that's not
bad
hold that thought there's no one I
readily give me why do I fix everything
or touch it's make your mama's proud
time
oh good the cops whoops tell Oh dad one
game at a time ruff